welcome to the read
welcome to the man of recaps testing
testing testing how do I make a new file
eyes doing okay what
Mic Check Mic Check 1 2 1 2
all these in the house say blue blue
blue
I look good good in the camera hair my
hair my hair looks incredible because my
hair good good clap my hands
hopefully that sings some sound syncing
sound it's good let's get sensing
syncing sound I don't know if that helps
welcome to drunk history
this is nope let me think not drunk
history at all um welcome to drunk
recaps so far I've had four beers and
one shot of Jim Beam Lord Ned Stark is
in command there's his wife Catelyn his
brother Robb Stark why don't I just
start again immediately here welcome to
drunk recaps so far I've had four beers
and two shots of Jim Beam here in
command is Lord Ned Stark he's a cool
guy he's the one who's all like winter
is coming
I don't like so far all right this
is a game of Thrones Season one sober uh
mister whatever slow searcher his hands
come on guys Anika's ah so that's you
know whatever's his dad big baddie Tywin
Lannister what did I call him Big Daddy
Big Bad daddy J his it edition trip so
that's some weird stuff this is not
gonna be the take I use take two uh
hopefully it's a little bit better than
take one too holder words all for during
douse is like well that's really you
know I don't my dad what's going on cuz
she goes to new city where they're
selling the unsullied slave army it's
disco Santa Claus what and I like if you
breakfast guy yeah let's take it all
did I just I think I rage quit for my
recording program I gotta bring it back
up now now uh now ah now now now it's
the thing and they and then think I did
a pretty good job actually yeah I'm
gonna do one more here real quick just
for good good measure you know saying so
he's the Lord of Riverrun so they go
there's been funeral bark bark
Marley barked so I'm doing it again this
Khaleesi
she goes over to some City this I just
don't like this dink actually house
there's more barking oh right now let me
use that other tank actually was better
huh Marley hey look me Marley look at me
Marley Marley look me Hey look over here
look look Marley - look over here right
yeah you go yourself